doc: known_issues: Add NCSDK-15724 (#8005)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Bluetooth® LE
=============

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

> NCSDK-15724: Peripheral :ref:`peripheral_uart` sample fails to start on Thingy:53

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-15724: Bluetooth's Peripheral UART sample fails to start on Thingy:53
```

>   Enabling USB by the sample's main function ends with error, because the USB was already enabled by Thingy:53-specific code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enabling USB by the :ref:`Peripheral UART's <peripheral_uart>` main function ends with error because the USB was already enabled by the Thingy:53-specific code.
```
